OCPBUGS-53394: Fixing conditionalization (#90772)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/using-cluster-compare-telco-ran.adoc

// *scalability_and_performance/telco_ref_design_specs/core/telco-core-ref-crs.adoc
// *scalability_and_performance/telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-du-crs.adoc
// *scalability_and_performance/cluster-compare/using-the-cluster-compare-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="using-cluster-compare-telco-ran_{context}"]
= Comparing a cluster with the {rds} reference configuration

After you deploy a {rds} cluster, you can use the `cluster-compare` plugin to assess the cluster's compliance with the {rds} reference design specifications (RDS). The `cluster-compare` plugin is an OpenShift CLI (`oc`) plugin. The plugin uses a {rds} reference configuration to validate the cluster with the {rds} custom resources (CRs).

The plugin-specific reference configuration for {rds} is packaged in a container image with the {rds} CRs.

For further information about the `cluster-compare` plugin, see "Understanding the cluster-compare plugin".

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

* You have credentials to access the `registry.redhat.io` container image registry.

* You installed the `cluster-compare` plugin.

.Procedure

> . Login to the container image registry with your credentials by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log on to the container image registry with your credentials by running the following command:
```
